The trick to cereal is keeping 70% of it above the milk.
Jerry, get a job.
Uh, why don't you get a Jerry? You're the man of the house and you don't have a job.
Delivery for Rick, morning, summer, fest, and Jerry.
Gross, what is that thing?
It's a courier flap. It's like the intercollective version of UPS, but less off-putting.
Oh, shit! It looks like an egg bite from Bird Person.
It must be time for his annual Oscar party.
By the way, our TV signals take light years to reach his planet.
Nobody tell him that Braveheart wins.
Greetings, this is Bird Person.
And Tammy.
Inviting you to Planet Squanch for our make-melding service.
Whoa.
Is that how far that means we're getting married?
Oh my God! My friend Tammy's marrying Bird Person!
What the hell is a Bird Person?
He's Rick's best friend.
It's like I carried away more than that.
Would you like to RSVP or send a gift?
No, weddings are basically funerals with cake.
If I wanted to watch someone throw their life away, I'd hang out with Jerry all day.
Affirmative. Returning to center.
No, hold on. Stay. Courier Flaps.
Staying.
Dad, you have a friend that's getting married. That's a big deal.
It's a big deal. He has a friend.
What do you know about friendship, Jerry?
Confirmed. Shipping Jerry.
Oh, God. Jerry?
Where is it taking him?
I assume Planet Squanch. Six thousand light years across the galaxy.
That's insane.
Yeah, I know. Now we have to go to the wedding.
Rick Sanchez! You psycho bag of Squanch!
Hey, what's up, Squanchy? Hey, Squanchy.
Hey, Squanchy. Morty, Summer, and you must be Beth.
Mm-hmm.
I'm Squanch, hey!
Your language has the word Squanch in it a lot.
Doesn't that become tedious and worn out like this Murph thing?
Beth, Squanch, hey!
Hey, what's up, Squanch?
Hey, Squanch. Hey, Squanch.
Hey, Squanch. Hey, Squanch. Hey, Squanch.
You're worn out like this Murph thing?
Beth, Squanchy culture is more contextual than literal.
You just say what's in your Squanch and people understand.
Oh, okay. I Squant my family.
What? I do. I Squanch my family.
Stop saying it, Gross!
Come on in, guys. The guests are having cock squanches.
Where am I?
You're at a wedding. Go change.
I'm a little jazz rap style. Jazz rapping for an alien mile.
Fat beats and an alien smile.
Jazz baseball, alien down, is my friend.
I got a mouth full of jazz for you, house.
And I'm good at these old jazz music.
You made it!
I wouldn't miss it for the world.
Oh, my God. I love your ring.
Thanks. It was Bird Persons' grandmothers.
She fought a squirrel for it.
Bird person?
Rick, I am pleased you and your family could witness my melding with Tammy.
Our pleasure.
Yeah, I just hope you got a pre-meld.
Rick?
What?
It's just a practical way of making sure that when she's done with you,
you can get one of your balls back.
Jesus, Dad.
He's just grumpy from the flight.
Oh, I was happy on the flight.
I'm grumpy from the landing.
Oh, God.
Well, I looked at the guest book.
We don't know a damn person here.
Hi, Jerry Smith, father of the Brides friend.
Advertising's my usual game, but I'm between...
Jerry, stop networking. We're in space.
Jerry, get a job. Jerry, don't look for a job at an alien wedding. I don't get you.
This is the closest I've ever gotten to this part of my father's life. I don't want to blow it.
I get it. I'm cramping your style.
You say you get it, but I'm scared you'll keep doing it.
Look, you're some humans you can practice on.
You must be Selma's mom and dad.
We're Tammy's parents, Pat and Donna Gutterman.
Hi, Beth. This is Jerry.
So, your teenage daughter's marrying a bird man.
And you guys down with that? No pun intended.
We're quite proud.
He's a wonderful person and an incredible bird.
Still? What is he, 40?
It's just, you know, when he was 30, she was an actual child.
When he was her age, she wasn't born.
When he was, let's see, like 18, she was literally in there, in your womb.
Imagine being pregnant with your daughter and a bird teenager comes into your home and says,
I'll take that. I'll have sex with that.
Give us one second.
Were you born with your feet in your mouth?
I was transported here against my will in a meatball. All right?
So, take your attitude to the men's section of Kmart,
because you need to cut me some slack.
I want you to stand in the corner and face the corner and talk to nobody.
Maybe I will.
You know, you're not being very supportive of a bird person on his big day.
Bird person's big day, Morty.
Was at Blood Ridge on Clap Flap's third moon against the Gromphomites.
This? This is a losing battle.
Jeez, Ricky, it's not like he's dying. He's getting married.
I mean, what do you think's gonna happen if you open yourself up a little bit?
I mean, look around. This is your family and friends all around you, you know?
Take the day off. There's nothing to run from. Nothing to fight.
That's his last name.
Are you hibernating it?
Squatch this, Mo-Fo.
Good one, Morty. Excuse me, bartender.
Can you make me a dumb grandson, Pep-Talk?
It's one part lame advice about stuff you know nothing about and a lot of vodka.
I have a lot of vodka.
Then I'll take one of those. I don't need the rest.
God, whatever, Rick.
Sounds like you and my dad have a long history together.
Wish I could say the same.
The road your father and I walked together is soaked deeply with the blood of both friends and enemies.
Must be nice. I used to have to draw him into family photos with a crayon.
The war in which we fought is far from over. We live our lives in hiding.
I guess I should be happy for you. I mean, great. You guys got to hang out. I hope you had a blast.
The Galactic government considers us terrorists. It's unwise of me to share these details, but I've become inebriated.
I don't know if you can appreciate what it means to grow up without a father, but...
The guest list at this wedding includes 17 of the Federation's most wanted.
We have committed numerous atrocities in the name of freedom.
And during that time, I don't suppose he ever mentioned his daughter.
What about those baby quiches?
Nightcrawler pate. I should prepare for the ceremony.
Like talking to a brick wall.
In the name of the Squanch, the Six Rivers, the Four Squanches, and the Nine Balls,
I unite these two organisms in eternal Squanch!
Tammy, you may Squanch your vows now.
Bird person, you are my seed, my worm, my earliness, and my lack of cats.
I promise to be yours until your death.
Nice. Bird person.
Tammy, I was approaching infertility when I met you, but there is still time.
I am yours until my death.
Aww.
I now pronounce you Squanch and Bird person.
I am not staring at you. I am a cyborg photographer. Just act natural.
This is a candid shot. I don't require a camera, so...
Sorry.
Hi. I am not staring at you.
Uh, hi everybody. I'm Rick.
You know, when I first met Bird person, he was...
Uh, uh...
Listen, I'm not the nicest guy in the universe, because I'm the smartest.
And being nice is something stupid people do to hedge their bets.
Now, I haven't been exactly subtle about how little I trust marriage.
I couldn't make it work and I could turn a black hole into a sun, so...
At a certain point, you gotta ask yourself, what are the odds this is legit,
not just some big lie we're all telling ourselves because we're afraid to die alone?
Because, you know, that's exactly how we all die. Alone.
Oh, boy. Jesus.
But, here's the thing. Bird person is my best friend.
And if he loves Tammy, well, then I love Tammy too.
To friendship, to love, and to my greatest adventure yet, opening myself up to others.
Cheers! Cheers!
Right. Cheers to that, mother f***.
Thank you, Rick. That was beautiful.
Gosh, I look around this room and I think, uh, Tammy,
you're a high school senior from the planet Earth
and you're marrying a 40-year-old bird person like, what?
Yeah, Tammy!
But then I think, you know, in a lot of ways, I'm not a high school senior from the planet Earth.
In a lot of ways, what I really am is a deep cover agent for the Galactic Federation,
and you guys are a group of wanted criminals,
and this entire building is, in a certain sense, surrounded.
Oh, shit.
I don't get the metaphor.
I'll explain it to you later.
Everyone here is under arrest for crimes against the Federation.
L'chaim!
Tammy, what are you doing?
Sit your bird-ass down.
Tammy?
Bird person! No!
No!
Drop the portal gun.
Slide it to the center of the room.
Somebody confiscate that and don't damage it.
No!
There's no time to squatch!
Get your family out of here!
I got this.
I'm gonna taste it by spark!
Come on! This way!
Spark's bad!
Good thing I grabbed a space weapon.
That's a confetti gun, you idiot!
Done!
Hold on tight!
Oh!
Damn it, god damn it!
What the hell happened back there?
This is on you guys.
I told you weddings are stupid.
Uh, Rick?
Rick, is there anything you'd like to tell us about your relationship with this previously unknown Galactic government?
All the important points seem pretty clear, no?
They think they control the galaxy, I disagree.
Don't hate the player, hate the game, son.
How could you be so dishonest with this family?
Oh, oh, should I have been more open and trusting and loving like, oh, I don't know,
my now dead best friend or your daughter who was BFFs with an intergalactic narc?
Hey, Tammy was cool!
And now we know why.
Because of you!
You summer and the government and me for letting my guard down, which I will never do again.
Geez, Rick, you can't say F you to your granddaughter.
I just did, Morty.
Here's dessert.
You look, I think we've all had a tough wedding.
Actually, the wedding was beautiful.
The reception got out of hand.
Anyway, I say we go home, sleep it off and have a family meeting in the morning.
Yeah, about going home.
We can't ever wait.
What?
These guys are looking for us now.
Earth will be swarming with them.
Jerry, I want to go home.
I want to go home.
Look, anyone that wants to go back to Earth is free to go back to Earth.
But here's what's going to happen.
Alien bureaucrats are going to arrest you.
They're going to put the intergalactic equivalent of jumper cables under your nuts and or labia
and hook them up to an alien car battery until you tell them where I am.
Which I guarantee you, you're not going to know.
Which I guarantee they won't believe.
So who's homesick?
By applause.
Ladies, anybody?
What are we going to do?
Where are we going to live?
Take it easy.
This is a blessing in disguise.
Earth.
You realize our planet's name means dirt, right?
We'll find a new world.
Computer.
How many planets in the Milky Way are at least 90% similar to Earth?
765 known planets.
How many of those are outside federal jurisdiction?
Three.
See?
Our cup runneth over.
Now who wants to go shopping for a brand new mother f***ing world?
All right.
Look at this, baby.
Would you even know that wasn't Earth?
Yes, because there's no Africa?
White people problems, Morty.
Let's go down and check her out.
Oh, I thought it was further away.
I guess this one's a little small.
All right.
Maybe we should go check out the other two, huh?
Okay.
This one's bigger.
This looks nice.
Mom, Dad, look!
Strawberry's on a cob!
Whoa, hey, check this out!
Flowers on a cob!
Strawberries and flowers on a cob, huh?
That's pretty cool.
Are those mountains on a cob?
Oh, my God.
Get in the ship, sweetie!
What?
Get in the f***ing ship!
Everything's on a cob!
The whole planet's on a cob!
Go, go, go!
All right, third time's the charm.
See what we got here.
Seems good.
And nothing on the cob.
Didn't know that was a necessity, but...
No, it's nice.
I think this might be it.
Wow, hey, look, you guys!
The sun's rising!
Aw, Dad, how long are the days on this planet?
Computer, how long are the days on this planet?
42 hours.
All right, well, those are the two choices
because Cobb Planet is off the table.
Now let's take a vote.
Well, it's official.
The obscure planet known as Earth,
formerly the hiding place of interstellar terrorist
and fugitive Rick Sanchez,
has just become the 6048th planet
to join the Galactic Federation.
The plucky little ball of water and dirt,
which is where it gets its name,
is dominated by 7 billion primate-descended natives.
Who love to eat spaghetti and pray to kangaroos.
Spaghetti, kangaroos.
I've got to check this place out.
Well, you can.
Contact the Ministry of Tourism for details.
Up next, teenagers are calling it...
And it's not what you think.
What do you... what did you do that for?
Dramatic effect.
Good morning, family.
Oh, do I smell bacon?
Yes, we discovered a species of tiny pig
off the coast of New Australia about 30 yards east.
Or 300 yards west.
We'd offer you some,
but we hunted it to extinction for breakfast.
Well, I thought I'd walk to the South Pole
and do a little bit of exploring.
If you guys need me, just yell,
or throw something so hard that it goes around the world
and hits me.
Okay, now that he's gone, can we please talk about our situation?
Dad, you can't talk about people behind their back.
You know, it's a small world.
Please, he's in the South Pole.
And we need to have a serious conversation.
South Pole discovered, baby!
Oh!
F***ing ice cave!
Sh**!
Things just keep on getting better.
Wow, that's the plant's core.
I'm just saying, we keep acting like there's only two options,
but there's none.
So, yes, if we went back to Earth,
as long as Rick was out there, they'd want to interrogate us.
But...
And this is purely hypothetical.
What if we turned your father into the government?
Jerry, so help me, God, if you ever bring this up again,
no more bacon.
There already is no more bacon!
This world sucks!
Our life sucks!
Why are we doing this?
For someone that would never do anything for anyone but himself?
That's not the point, Dad.
We love Rick.
For the most part.
Yes, you don't love people in hopes of our award, Dad.
You love them unconditionally.
That's very good, kids.
I'm proud of you.
Okay, so let me get this straight.
For the rest of your lives, no matter how much it hurts you,
no matter how much it destroys our children's futures,
we're gonna do whatever Rick wants, whenever he wants.
Yes!
Why?
Because I don't want him to leave again, you dumb asshole!
Hey.
Uh, I was gonna hop over to the Gloppy Drop system, get some ice cream.
You want me to come with?
Don't you need my brainwaves for camouflage or something?
I'll be okay.
Bye, Morty.
Rick, you're not leaving, right?
Yeah, I am, to get ice cream.
So you're coming back?
Morty, if you go to where there's a bunch of ice cream,
and then you don't come back, you haven't actually gotten ice cream.
You've just gone where ice cream is.
Rick, I can handle it if you go,
but you'll break mom's heart, and I won't forgive you for that.
Where's the van, Morty?
It's over the horizon, in the driveway.
Sorry, but here...
For English, press 2.
Connecting to agent.
Ongoing investigations.
Uh, hi.
My name's Jerry Smith.
I'm from Planet Earth.
I know the whereabouts of Rick Sanchez, the one at Criminal.
Hold on!
This is Special Agent Gribbles.
You have a tip about Rick Sanchez?
Yeah, he kidnapped me and my family, and he left us on Dorf Terrace 9.
He said he was gonna go to the Plimplom Tavern.
And listen...
Yes?
I'm doing what's right for the galaxy by calling you, so...
If we come back to Earth, can my family have a normal life?
We only want Sanchez, sir. Your family will be fine.
Nice. Thank you.
I'm Jerry Smith, and I love sucking big, sweaty b****
and licking, disgusting, furry testicle sacks.
Uh, okay.
Everyone I know goes away in the air.
He's not going back.
No!
Hey, look!
Caps!
Good morning.
I love Rick.
How long will you be visiting Earth?
Oh, we live here. We were just off-planet for a wedding.
Go that way.
I have processed that you are in distress
and have prescribed antidepressants,
compliments of the Galactic Federation.
I feel better.
Your debt is 7,000 Fed credits.
Report to the Ministry of Employment, and you will be assigned a function.
Honey! I got a job!
Sorry, I am not staying.
I'm not staying.
Sorry, I am not staring at you.
I am taking your mug shot.
Yeah, what are you in for?
Everything.
I'm not staying.
What a cliffhanger!
Oh boy, oh my!
That's a real crazy ending, huh?
Hi, I'm Mr. Poopy Butthole from Episode 204.
As you can see, I'm still recovering from the bullet shot that I got from Beth.
Remember that one?
Come and get it, kitty.
You know, these little fellas help me get through the day.
Oh, whee! Feels better.
I got a large pepperoni and some crazy sticks.
Hey, what do you think of that finale, huh?
You think the Smith family's gonna be okay?
Yeah, I don't know what you're talking about, bro.
He total's 1237.
Whee! You think Rick's gonna get out of jail?
Whee! You think the family's gonna rescue him?
Whee!
Oh!
Tune in to Rick's new job.
I'm not gonna be a part of this.
Whee!
Oh!
Tune in to Rick in Morty Season 3 in like a year and a half or longer to see how we unravel this mess.
Whee!
In the dark!
Did you get any of that?
It's a good show!